Add `--cache` CLI option (#12800)
prettier/prettier: docs/cli.md

## `--no-plugin-search`

Disable plugin autoloading.

## `--cache`

If this option is enabled, the following values are used as cache keys and the file is formatted only if one of them is changed.

- Prettier version
- Options
- Node.js version
- (if `--cache-strategy` is `metadata`) file metadata, such as timestamps
- (if `--cache-strategy` is `content`) content of the file

```bash
prettier --write --cache src
```

Running Prettier without `--cache` will delete the cache.

> Also, since the cache file is stored in `./node_modules/.cache/prettier/.prettier-cache`, so you can use `rm -f . /node_modules/.cache/prettier/.prettier-cache` to remove them manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, since the cache file is stored in `./node_modules/.cache/prettier/.prettier-cache`, so you can use `rm ./node_modules/.cache/prettier/.prettier-cache` to remove it manually.
```

- Removed accidental space.
- Removed `-f` so one gets an error message if the file is not found (for example you’re in a subdirectory and need `../`).
- Changed “them” to “it”.

prettier --write --cache src
```

Running Prettier without `--cache` will delete the cache.

Also, since the cache file is stored in `./node_modules/.cache/prettier/.prettier-cache`, so you can use `rm -f . /node_modules/.cache/prettier/.prettier-cache` to remove them manually.

> :::caution

Reviewer 2: Is this a emoji?

Author: Ah sorry docusauls v1 does not support https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions

Author: [0f57b23](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/pull/12800/commits/0f57b2326750cbacc471efc5f204794f13b8f7f4)
